All right so extract each.
Kate Kate Elman essentially.
So what we're doing here is are taking an array.
And we want to remove the every k element in this case it's a number right.
So we're saying hey remove each third value so 1 2 4 5 7 8 10 would be the resulting array.
The only hint I have that I use Was I use the array method filter.
Pretty straightforward.
There's a couple different ways we could solve this you don't have to use filter but it's pretty much
what is designed for it in terms of doing something exactly like this.
All right.
So as you might have guessed I use filter for this one.
It's pretty straightforward.
All things consider the only thing that I did was I created a return statement here I took our input
array and then I filtered the results into a new array that was returned.
And then here we're going to have the element and we're also going to take the index from it because
we're in you didn't know what the index value was to return it.
So the values we want to return are when index plus 1 modulo K is not equal equal to zero.
Now the reason that we have that plus one is simply because the index value is you know the third value
is going to be indexed to.
And so this is where logic goes with it.
So we're just adding one to the index value.
We're finding out if it's evenly divisible by that if it is we don't want to include it and those we
don't.
And that's pretty much it at the end of the day we filtered it down and said look we don't want whatever
k index value to be added to our new array.